
EOM GUI Examples
=================

The following examples assume that the Django app is running on
127.0.0.1:8000

Status Summary: http:/127.0.0.1:8000/status
--------------------------------------------

This page gives a summary of the error reports availble.

.. image:: /images/EOM-UI-Status.png
   :height: 200px
   :width: 1000px


The report Id links to the detailed report corresponding to the given
entry.

The Device name corresponds to the device identifier that was specified
in the Trigger configuration

The timestamp specifies the time of creation of the report.

The Invalid field specifies that number of routes that were found to be
invalid in the given report. The actual invalid routes can be viewed by
looking at the detailed report.


Detailed Report: http:/127.0.0.1:8000/status/<id>
-------------------------------------------------

This page provides details on the routes that were found to be invalid for
the given device, any covering routes that were found to be valid or
unspecified, and the constraints that were either violated or satisfied
for the given prefix and ASN combination. 

.. image:: /images/EOM-UI-Status-Detail.png
   :height: 400px
   :width: 1000px

The ROA status can be one of the following:

    ✅  : The ROA constraints matched 

    ❌  : The ROA constraints did not match

     ? : No ROA matching the give prefix was found 

The Network, NextHop, Origin, and Path fields correspond to the
equivalent fields in the RIB entry.

The M, L and W fields map to the metric, local-pref and Weight fields of
the RIB entry respectively.

Finally, the constraints field gives the RPKI constraints that were
either met or violated for the given RIB entry. It lists a sequence of
ASN number, Prefix, and the range for each ROA that matches the
announced prefix in the RIB entry.


Devices Report: http:/127.0.0.1:8000/status/devices
---------------------------------------------------

This page lists the active rpki-router and Trigger devices that are
configured to be polled for relevant data.

.. image:: /images/EOM-UI-Devices.png
   :height: 400px
   :width: 1000px

The Device field lists the Device that is being polled.

The Last Update field specifies the last time that this particular
device was polled.

The RIB count field specifies the number of entries in the RIB that was
pulled during the previous poll cycle.


The ROA count field specifies the number of prefixes that were
identified in the last sync with the rpki-rtri server instance.

RSS Feed: http:/127.0.0.1:8000/status/feed
------------------------------------------

This page provides an RSS feed of the latest reports generated by the
EOM monitor. 

.. image:: /images/EOM-UI-Devices.png
   :height: 400px
   :width: 1000px


The summary information for the feed contains the time stamp associated
with the report generation, the device name and the number of invalid
entries detected. Clicking on the RSS entry leads the user to the detail
report page associated with that particualar report as shown in the
figure.
